Hello, Sister Juan
There is a brand catwalk in the evening.
I got it for you.
But my dad wants to come and find a way
It will be here when it comes out.
See for yourself.
Xiaoya
Mom, grandma, my friend asked me out to play at night
I'll be home later today.
Look at this child, this little girl!
Probably in love
See when I can't go to his current situation.
Jiang Shanshan, why are you here?
I'm coming to the catwalk
But Sister Juan is not
Sister Juan has already given me your job
Even if the pheasant flies to the branches
It will still fall.
Figure out your identity
Little native cow, I'm going to rehearsal, do it yourself
You arranged it.
Shanshan is my daughter
Of course he did.
Why don't you go?
Why are we familiar?
Li Xiaoya
You need to know
It's all up to me here
Either you beg me
Beg me to let you come back to me
I won't die begging you